h1. Rails .gitignore

A *.gitignore* file to accommodate Rails 3 projects.

h2. More Information

Some files in a Rails project should not be checked into a Git version control repository. You can tell git to ignore certain files by creating a file called *.gitignore* in the top level of your working directory.

Rails 3 automatically creates a simple *.gitignore* file when a new application is generated. Here you'll find an example of a *.gitignore* file that designates additional files that may be part of a typical project.

h2. Using the File

Copy the example file *gitignore.txt* to the top level of your working directory and rename it *.gitignore*.

Note that git will not ignore a file that was already tracked before a rule was added to this file to ignore it. In such a case the file must be un-tracked, usually with @git rm --cached filename@.

h2. Documentation and Support

h4. More Information

For more about *.gitignore*:

* The _Git Community Book_ on "Ignoring files":http://book.git-scm.com/4_ignoring_files.html
* GitHub help on "Ignoring files":http://help.github.com/git-ignore/
* The "gitignore.com website":http://gitignore.com/ created by J. Pablo Fernández.

h4. Issues

Problems? Suggestions? Please create an "issue":http://github.com/fortuity/rails3-gitignore/issues.

h4. Similar Projects

Got a useful *.gitignore* file for Rails projects? Send me a message and I will mention it here.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this *.gitignore* file, please share with others.

Send the author a message, create an "issue":http://github.com/fortuity/rails3-gitignore/issues, or fork the project and submit a pull request.

h2. The .gitignore file

<pre>
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Ignore these files when commiting to a git repository
#----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# bundler state
/.bundle
/vendor/bundle/

# minimal Rails specific artifacts
db/*.sqlite3
/log/*
tmp/*

# various artifacts
**.war
*.rbc
*.sassc
.rspec
.sass-cache
/config/config.yml
/config/database.yml
/coverage.data
/coverage/
/db/*.javadb/
/db/*.sqlite3-journal
/doc/api/
/doc/app/
/doc/features.html
/doc/specs.html
/public/cache
/public/stylesheets/compiled
/public/system
/spec/tmp/*
/cache
/capybara*
/capybara-*.html
/gems
/rerun.txt
/spec/requests
/spec/routing
/spec/views
/specifications

# scm revert files
**.orig

# Mac finder artifacts
.DS_Store

# Netbeans project directory
/nbproject/

# Textmate project files
/*.tmpproj

# vim artifacts
**.swp
</pre>

h2. License

h3. Public Domain Dedication

This work is a compilation and derivation from other previously released works. With the exception of various included works, which may be restricted by other licenses, the author or authors of this code dedicate any and all copyright interest in this code to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this code under copyright law.
